This is an unheated spice
This is water, ethanolic acid and coloring and flavoring
And it has it in almost all franchise stores in Britain
this is the "vinegar" you will get
And in modern life there are several advantages.
It can be made from concentrate
which facilitates the seller's work
in fact, if they do not forget to divide it
This continued several times
And that's also a Halloway (safe for Muslims), the charge contains very little alcohol.
than normal vinegar
and even some brands of gluten-free (this is what makes me ugly)
where normal vinegar is not.
I have seen such vinegar sold as high quality.
But that's not the reason to investigate
There are ideas that say that this thing started the temperamental movement
of people who are against alcohol from the 19th and early 20th centuries,
but I can not find a trusty source for that
ha "spring"
I can not find a trusting man for this.
the reason is that the mixing of chemicals
is much cheaper than its cooking.
It has been for a very long time
There is a reference from her Majesty's Food Inspectorate that it existed 100 years ago.
But now can not formally be called vinegar
Ministry and Food Standards
are aware of this
It can not be put in traditional bottles of vinegar that people love
But without every potato shop in the country, they do not care
and Trading Standards ....
they can tour every store in the country
and forbid it, but they do not
There are good things to do
like following foods that can really hurt you
And they do not want a penny of the money from the fines
And most people do not know this is not vinegar
And those who know are not interested
it's not like margarine or butter
where with chemicals the health effects are different
just a little different taste and bottling
But nobody cares about it, no one deals. Throughout the country
everyone agrees: it's good. It's vinegar
Here is the question: Is it different?
Translated by Edis Süleyman